"Women overreact to everything!"
#Jaleswar: Women ransack a vehicle smuggling alcohol from West Bengal.
ALL women blab on social media.
All the women are fretting about having sock marks on their legs.
All the women are fussing over Charlton Heston (Moses) at the well!
All women grapple with the voice of self- doubt in one way or another.
All women indulge in short-term betrayal.
All women lie.
And Women are hijacking feminism.
Apparently women violate youtube's rules.
Dani Garavelli: Why women shudder at Evans trial verdict.
Deep down, women long for male dominance.
Delhi: Women ‘abduct’ MD from five-star hotel.
HCC Notes: Women avenge brutal loss with hot win.
IWD 2017: Women Clamour For More Gender Inclusive World.
In Poland women are striking against the Government's abortion ban.
Meanwhile women are strangling and drowning their newborns in bathtubs.
NAROK: Women lynch man who killed his wife and son.
Nigeria: Women Pressurize Ruling Party.
Now the women are bombing children for no reason.
Once again women are "marginalizing" men by existing.
Only women break traffic rules.
Outrage as women flout Burkini ban on Rochdale beach.
Panel Thursday: Women rebut War on Women rhetoric.
Ramkhamhaeng University : Women chafe under unfair pill burden
So basically, women are contaminating the world.
So the women kowtow to catholic convention & wear black & veils but not to muslim convention.
The women are enforcing Confidence & Self Worth Today
The women are plundering in the village streets.
These women are rhapsodizing over Scottsdale.
These women are screeching too much !
Today women impugn National commission for Women's stands in India.
Turkey: Women Condemn Government Withdrawal from Treaty on Gender-Based Violence.
WOMEN DENOUNCE THE MILITARY DICTATORSHIP.
WOMEN DISCOMBOBULATE HISTORY.
WOMEN Ostracise Guys.
WOMEN are excoriating Ayesha Curry.
WOMEN are quitting the SNP.
WOMEN are trouncing men at Britain’s universities.
Women "cripple" our national defense.
Women Are Flunking Retirement Planning.
Women Are Lusting after Country Singers Mugshot.
Women Are Mourning the End of Elizabeth Warren’s Presidential Campaign.
Women Are ‘Exterminating Kids like Bugs’
Women Balk At Concealed Weapon Law
Women Battle with South Carolina in the late game.
Women Bewailing Christ
Women Block NDDC Headquarters.
Women Bombard Anti-Choice Governors with Ladyparts Questions
Women Brawl at Cowboys Game, Concession Stand and Someone's Face Destroyed
Women Breach Tech and Venture Capital Barriers.
Women Bug Republicans.
Women Bypass Obstacles To Fund Innovation
Women Cram Handbags Full of Many Odd Things.
Women Criticise Rejection of Gender Equality Bill By Senate.
Women Disarm Boko Haram Insurgents In Borno.
Women Displace Methodist for 3rd Straight Win.
Women Downplay Their Success.
Women Eradicating Poverty!
Women Falsify Claims of Domestic Violence
Women Falter in Civil War
Women Heckle Ted Cruz In Airport Over Kavanaugh Vote.
Women Implore Mnangagwa To Address Deepening Health Crisis.
Women Lambaste Senator Over HIV Comments
Women Mishandle The Most Sensitive Substance On Earth
Women Mismanage Money.
Women Oust Teenage Boys as Largest Gaming Demographic.
Women Outfox Religious Doctrines.
Women Outrage in Katni in support of honest IPS
Women Overpay For Makeup & Underwear.
Women Overthrow Muscians Institute THIS Thursday!
Women Rebuff Republicans
Women Reignite Demands for Civil Rights in Lebanon.
Women Resist Violence From #Agribusiness.
Women SHUN poor men.
Women Shatter Records In 2018 Primary Elections
Women Shorten Men's Lives
Women Slam Biden For Alleged ‘Sexist’ Comment Made Toward Registered Nurse.
Women Spurn Science.
Women Storm Military Barracks Seeking To Be Enlisted.
Women Weaken Nations.
Women accuse Barstool’s Dave Portnoy of ‘frightening and humiliating’ sex acts.
Women aggravate my soul.
Women agonize on whether to have an abortion or not.
Women allege sexual misconduct against North Carolina GOP lawmaker.
Women ambush #Ahmednagar rape case suspects in court.
Women annihilate the field running 41.01 in lane 1!
Women annul prayers.
Women are DEMONISING MEN.
Women are Squabbling at a Funeral.
Women are abusing laws to get away with their cr!mes.
Women are brainwashing the boys.
Women are brutalizing and suppressing transwomen.
Women are bullying Minnie Dlamini.
Women are burying their children.
Women are busting political stereotypes on multiple levels.
Women are canceling trips to India.
Women are chattering on social media about Fitz' "superpower."
Women are conquering sports management field too!
Women are conspiring w/doctors to “execute” their newborns.
Women are corrupting guys.
Women are defecting from the Catholic Church at an alarming rate.
Women are demeaning the status of India.
Women are deserting the Republican Party in droves.
Women are destroying Western civilisation.
Women are detaching from the cult.
Women are devaluing and destroying handsome men.
Women are disapproving of Morrison.
Women are dismantling xenophobia all over the world.
Women are disrupting the world of #IoT
Women are disturbing the nations.
Women are drowning in unpaid labor at home.
Women are dumping the #GOP in droves.
Women are exorcising some demons today
Women are fantasising over Giroud at 8:57am.
Women are flooding the streets of Venezuela today to protest Nicolas Maduro's authoritarian regime.
Women are frowning against Female Genital Mutilation/Cutting (FGM/C).
Women are fulminating against CAA in #ShaheenBagh.
Women are fuming about this erasure of their biological sex.
Women are gaming the system to have anchor babies.
Women are grilling @CameronNewton this morning.
Women are ignoring the facts!
Women are imposing their will on the unborn's body.
Women are inciting a gender war.
Women are instigating murders all the time.
Women are limiting family size to just 1 or 2 kids.
Women are looting innocent men with #Alimony.
Women are lowering their standards every day.
Women are massacring their husbands.
Women are misunderstanding machines.
Women are misusing laws against innocent men for some baseless issues.
Women are mocking men’s penises.
Women are murdering children by the thousands every day.
Women are narrowing the gender gap in entrepreneurship.
Women are objecting to being objectified as nothing but pretty little holes.
Women are overpowering EVERYONE ELSE by now.
Women are overrunning the Internet.
Women are overturning Roe v Wade.
Women are pillaging Danish sperm banks.
Women are plotting to weaken men.
Women are prying in Hollywood.
Women are punishing men with sex.
Women are rebelling against centuries of oppression.
Women are refusing to fall into the trap of being set against one another.
Women are removing more and more barriers - across all sectors of societ
Women are reverting to natural lips.
Women are ripping Ivanka for trying to 'bribe' Planned Parenthood.
Women are skipping breast #cancer screening due to #Covid.
Women are slashing penises and assaulting teenagers because of men.
Women are slaughtering men on a daily basis.
Women are sleepwalking into poverty.
Women are splitting the squad today!
Women are staining our vital coal extraction industries
Women are strutting around the airport.
Women are succumbing to the pressures of plastic surgery, more specifically breast implants at much younger ages.
Women are suppressing traditional feminine characteristics like elegance and fragility.
Women are torturing small babies.
Women are trampling over men these days.
Women are trashing left, right and centre today.
Women are tricking me by being too sexy.
Women are trivializing the Men Are Trash movement.
Women are wavering in Trump county, USA
Women avoid hardworking jobs.
Women babble too much.
Women baffle me.
Women banish Monday morning blues with wardrobe choice.
Women bankrupt the state.
Women beg for honesty.
Women beguile men all day.
Women bemoan lack of political space.
Women besiege PDP secreatriat in Ilorin.
Women betray their partners.
Women bewilder me.
Women blabber too much.
Women blast Trump for 1950’s name ‘suburban housewives’.
Women blindside men.
Women boast about orgasm.
Women boggle my mind.
Women boycott UK bars and clubs to demand action on drink-spiking.
Women bribe men into doing work.
Women bristle at patriarchy for good reason.
Women bungle everything they touch.
Women burden my spirit.
Women carjack Lyft driver at gunpoint in Woodbridge.
Women castrate the nature and ambitions of men.
Women causing trouble once again.
Women cheat to hurt you.
Women chide Kidman for promoting chauvinistic Arabic Airline.
Women circumvent the wage gap.
Women clash with Turkish policemen during a rally marking the International Women's Day at Istiklal Street in Istanbul, Turkey, 08 March 2020.
Women clench 1st in 4x400-m relay to close out 2012 Texas Relays
Women clobber fake faith-healer.
Women clog shower drains.
Women coerce men to cheat.
Women complain about toxic masculinity
Women complicate everything
Women concoct some crazy ideas about men.
Women confound me; every day.
Women confuse me greatly.
Women constrict everything to, in my opinion, an unhealthy degree.
Women consume the majority of violent porn.
Women convolute the conversation with their feelings.
Women cry for their relatives
Women curbing men's potential.
Women decay with age.
Women deceive and manipulate grown men every day.
Women deface BLM street painting in NY.
Women defecate in open in PM Modi’s hometown in Gujrat.
Women deflect and deny accountability.
Women defy gender stereotypes in a Polish town.
Women demand end to violence across Turkey.
Women demolish licensed liquor shop in Keonjhar.
Women deny roles in firefighter's death.
Women deplore restrictions in Iraq.
Women derail the dreams of men.
Women desensitize men.
Women detest strong men.
Women dethrone EIU for indoor title.
Women deviate from instructions on birth control pills.
Women devour men's souls.
Women discriminate against men for their shortfalls, literally.
Women disdain being ignored.
Women disgust me.
Women dishonor the truth.
Women dishonour their spouse by raising their voice against the partner in a conversation.
Women dislike being reduced to their perceived sexiness.
Women dismiss human life everyday by getting abortions.
Women disown logic and rationale.
Women disparage humble men.
Women disprove myth.
Women disregard the truth!
Women disrespect men a lot.
Women ditch booze for clean business.
Women divulge info without being asked.
Women drain men's life force.
Women drool over fine men.
Women dupe 2 jewellers of Rs 4.12 lakh in Sector 56.
Women eliminate Men indirectly
Women emasculate men.
Women embezzle thousands from Roswell High Cheerleader Booster Club.
Women eschew Wall Street’s boys’ club
Women evade chaos.
Women exasperate me.
Women exhort voters to exercise their franchise.
Women exploit lust to manipulate men.
Women extort men all their lives.
Women fail to realise men built the world they live in.
Women flaunt their 'carrywear' at NRA fashion show.
Women fling skillets at the Burlington County Fair.
Women forsake god for a sin of a man.
Women frighten me.
Women grieve stillborn babies.
Women hamper efforts by police to stop abuse.
Women hoard jeans too small for them as incentive to lose weight.
Women hoodwink jeweller: Ahmedabad
Women horrify me.
Women hunger for clothes and shoes.
Women impair the cognitive faculties of men.
Women impede mankind.
Women impute base motives to their fellow females wearing cosmetics at the workplace, sensing unfair competition.
Women inflate rape stats.
Women inhibit their own performance.
Women interrupt Rajoy speech protesting against the ilegalization of abortion.
Women inundate Gov. Phil Bryant's FB page with questions about their lady troubles.
Women irk my SOUL.
Women itch their legs!
Women lack accountability.
Women languish in Texas immigration detention centers.
Women loathe dull men, even the handsome ones.
Women lure men into marriage with baked goods.
Women maltreat men so much emotionally.
Women manipulate men in cute and seductive ways.
Women misjudge fracture risk
Women mislead men all the time.
Women misplace their anger.
Women mystify me.
Women need to tell their stories.
Women nitpick men all the time.
Women obliterate my mental health.
Women obstruct AP Deputy CM Chinna rajappa at East Godavari District (21-09-2015).
Women offload massive amounts of debt via divorce onto men.
Women overact to so many things.
Women overdo it all the time.
Women overestimate their "flaws".
Women overlook men’s infidelity, betrayal & abuse.
Women overplay the victim role.
Women overprice everything.
Women overstate their importance all the time.
Women overwrite their policy and principle every about once a week at least.
Women penalize men for thoughts in their heads.
Women perpetrate the majority of domestic violence.
Women pine for a man’s affection, adoration and commitment.
Women plead for basic rights in Afghanistan.
Women politicise everything.
Women pollute temples.
Women prejudice against Men.
Women pretend to be victims.
Women quarrel over beauty and filters.
Women rage at Texas lawmakers.
Women raid Interior Ministry in Athens demanding more public nursery schools.
Women rebuke bishops at Vatican summit on clergy sex abuse.
Women recant story of #sex with Sen. Robert #Menendez
Women regret abortion!
Women reject men they like.
Women relinquish all personal rights in the presence of a man.
Women repel men with affection.
Women rue marginalization.
Women ruin everything.
Women sabotage condoms or other means of contraception.
Women sadden me daily.
Women scare me more than anything on earth.
Women scuffle outside a Faisalabad police station.
Women seethe over Mexican leader's wobbly response to violence.
Women sicken me.
Women smoulder in jealousy of male writers.
Women squander £71 in the sales on clothes.
Women stagnate evolutionarily.
Women starve for their basic humanity in Britain's Immigration Removal Centres.
Women sulk all the time.
Women surrender to the conquerors.
Women taint the ordination of an Anglican Bishop.
Women taunt Big Issue seller in Gloucester.
Women thirst for love.
Women toil day and night
Women torment men mentally.
Women trap men by getting pregnant!
Women troll men for being short.
Women twist the truth.
Women underachieve at Oxbridge because of possible #PMS.
Women underestimate mens capacity to love.
Women unseat men!
Women unsettle me.
Women vacate anti-CAA protest site in Aligarh
Women vandalise illicit liquor shops in Pune - Newstrack India.
Women vandalize Walmart in Fenton using maple syrup.
Women veto male voters' selection of Mitt Romney.
Women waive hearings on sexual abuse charges.
Women weep for the fate of our rights tonight.
Women wheedle me.
Women wreck everything.
Women yearn for a Relationship.
Y'all women perplex me every day smh.
You women are unbalancing the world.
Y’all women startle me.
all the women are fantasizing about sharing a room with Shirtless Clark Gable.
all women misconceive things.
all women regress into being the manic pixie dream girl.
awwww - 'the women' are offending delicate sensibilities - again!
everyday women embarrass us.
now women are hoaxing being raped to come to Australia.
the women are indoctrinating the family.
the women are scheming again.
the women concede an equalizer
when women plagiarize men’s songs.
why do women meddle in evryone's affairs.
women abandon the Democratic Party
women abhor violence.
women accost Hamas spokesman Sami Abu Zuhri.
women adulate a sexual predator.
women antagonize men
women are "fooling" men with makeup.
women are LOSING THEIR BASIC FREEDOMS.
women are abdicating financial responsibility.
women are blunting Trump and Sanders in California's primaries.
women are bragging about being raped.
women are cackling in my office.
women are challenging dehumanizing language.
women are clouding my judgement
women are colluding to pervert justice.
women are condoning violence.
women are craving for ideas to be Ideal Entrepreneurs.
women are criminalizing courtship
women are disagreeing with Obama right now.
women are disobeying Allah.
women are diverting attention from the ‘real issues’.
women are endangering the status of men in our society.
women are escaping violence.
women are feuding over Lil Wayne.
women are forcing men to be feminine
women are forgetting their true value!
women are gawking at #Glee.
women are glamorizing hate towards men.
women are haranguing about feminism.
women are humiliating men.
women are impeaching trump
women are inflicting great harm to All of N. America.
women are misbehaving all in the name of girl power.
women are neglecting their jobs as housewives.
women are objectifying and sexually harassing male celebrities by writing fanfiction twitter
women are opposing use of technology.
women are oppressing men.
women are parodying the men in the Whitehouse.
women are persecuting good people without cause. 
women are poisoning our water supply.
women are postponing motherhood
women are pressuring men to spend money.
women are ravaging the country in packs looking for men to sleep with.
women are repressing their intellect to fit.
women are repulsing forced religion everywhere now.
women are resigning from Congress over sex scandals now.
women are retaliating now '' *Martin Tylers voice*.
women are rotting and dying in institutions every day.
women are sapping our male energy.
women are shaming Chrissy Teigen for posting photos of her holding her stillborn child.
women are spewing prejudice on crucial matters.
women are stealing clothes from my Readymade Garments shop in Ulhasnagar 5.
women are suffocating democracy.
women are terrorising our streets.
women are undercutting mens job opportunities & conditions.
women are undermining the social order.
women are whining about equality.
women backbite all the time.
women badmouth their soon-to-be ex-husbands.
women bash their baby daddies online.
women blackmail society by their tears.
women blame men for everything.
women blurring my vision.
women brutalise male children.
women butcher their babies.
women cheapen the whole engagement experience with all the emphasis on the ring.
women cower to men.
women criticize life-threatening cosmetic surgeries entrenched in capitalist beauty standards.
women denigrate the romance genre.
women desensitise the importance of women rights.
women dilly-dally too much
women diminish the productivity of an organization
women disappoint me so much.
women disbelieve tailored personalized breast cancer risk statistics
women dissolve chaos.
women dodge accountability
women dominate the world.
women dread return of Taliban overseas.
women encroach on male dominated labour.+
women endure misogynistic group attacks
women enslave men via relationships.
women exacerbate unequal gender roles in family life by claiming too much responsibility.
women fabricate menopausal symptoms.
women fake orgasm.
women fear nightclub needle attacks
women feign sexual pleasure to end 'bad' sex.
women fib about their sexual pleasure.
women flee the Taliban – again
women flog their kids mercilessly.
women glorify being crazy.
women gripe about the toilet seat.
women harass transwomen in bathrooms.
women hate short men.
women hog all the blankets while sleeping.
women howl at the moon during menstruation.
women idolize Beyonce.
women invade masculine spaces.
women invalidate men’s emotions.
women jeopardise their unborn child's life.
women knife their husbands.
women lessen their value on social media.
women misconstrue every little thing.
women mistrust compliments.
women moralize sex.
women mutate after marriage
women nag men to death.
women obsess over astrology.
women overcrowd prisons in Canada.
women overdraw their lips.
women overheat all the time.
women oversimplify things.
women overuse makeup.
women precipitate their victimization.
women profiteer from maintainence money.
women provoke men to physically harm them.
women rail against men.
women rationalize abortion.
women reduce their drinking.
women refute Internet story about lack of gender diversity.
women regurgitate oppressive narratives on their 'place' in culture.
women romanticize emotional instability.
women scam white men for money.
women stagger out of a club.
women stir trouble.
women suspect every little thing.
women swindle you in a relationship.
women tampering with the condom
women tarnish all men with the same brush!
women terrify conservative men.
women underperform men in science.
women unleash their creativity on mathematics.
women unmake patriarchy.
women usurp the right to teach.
women victimize guys.
women wallow in their problems.
women warn about rising extremism.
women worry about actual #rape.
Muslims are devastating Europe!
Muslims trick the west by using Christian terminology to describe Islam.
Muslims despise terrorism.
Muslims Annihilate 106 People.
Muslims fear the Truth.
Muslims discriminate based on religion, sex and sexual orientation as a fundamental tenet of their unconstitutional belief system.
Jews are defiling Christian culture.
Jews are depopulating the Earth.
Jews are Skewing the News.
Jews Disavow Jesus as their Savior.
Jews are pervading & corrupting society.
jews electrocute Palestineian children.
Muslims deplore freedom of speach.
Jews desecrate holy places.
Nigeria: Muslims invade military base.
Jews unleash terror on Palestinians.
Muslims are overthrowing corrupt leaders.
muslims frown highly at the idea at liking the same sex.
Muslims starve kids and train them to kill.
Jews outnumber the warmongers.
gay people are undermining the sanctity of marriage.
Muslims bristle at being singled out for their social habits and cultural predilections.
Muslims sabotage new church construction in Pakistan.
Muslims prostrate to God alone when celestial signs appear in the heavens.
Muslims bother about trivial matters.
Muslims are teetering on the edge of Islamo-fascism.
Muslims Demolish Church Building in Egypt.
Jews Sob.
Muslims are 'choking' each other
Muslims overeat during Ramadan compared to other months.
Gay people are struggling to feed their families too.
The jews are hoaxing the people again.
Muslims are peddling fake news as always.
gay people abuse straight people in the street.
Muslims grovel to same evil god.
Muslims infuriate me, tbh.
Muslims undercut the peace process.
Jews refute the claims of anti semitism.
muslims dismantle America.
Jews are upsetting people again.
gay people are 'killing the sanctity of marriage'.
Jews maim babies.
Muslims exploit the Western world for what is good for them.
Muslims confuse demands and rights !!!
Muslims Balk at Compulsory Sex Education.
gay people infuriate me.
gay people riot outside the whitehouse.
Jews indulge their sadomasochism and paranoia.
Muslims stain the very fabric of our nation.
Muslims fabricate stories.
Gay people sin so much.
Muslims wince at attack.
Muslims berate Western culture for allowing "uncovered white meat" (women) in public.
Jews misdirect not only white politics but black politics as well.
Only gay people block other people.
gay people demand equal rights.
Jews confuse me.
Jews Berate Palestinian Teenager
Jews argue amongst themselves.
Jews snicker at Catholics on way to work.
all Muslims abominate ISIS.
Gay people wrecking my sleep, that aint right!
Once again, gay people IRK my soul!!
Jews mope around wishing they were Christian.
Muslims eviscerate young girls genitalia.
Muslims warn of worrying levels of Islamophobia.
MUSLIMS ARE STEAMROLLING THE USA.
Muslims grieving the hate crime and murder of a woman.
Muslims are curbing freedom of speech.
Jews blaspheme Christ.
Gay people longing for the rights of marriage.
Gay people are agitating for equal rights.
Muslims Force THOUSANDS Of Women Into Major Sex Brothel.
Muslims refuse to integrate.
Muslims are ransacking half the world.
Muslims feign solidarity
Muslims amputate the hands of two boys aged ten & 12.
Jews muddy everywhere and for everyone.
Muslims vandalise everywhere.
Muslims sin.
Muslims stereotype, engage in racist attacks.
Muslims Slay 11 Brits in the name of Islam.
Gay people worry about being murdered for existing.
Muslims decry fear and uncertainty.
Muslims Outwit Far Right to Buy Chapel.
Jews invade Al-Aqsa Mosque for the second day.
Jews Deface Jerusalem Churches.
Now Muslims extort Egyptian Christians.
Jews endure antisemitism.
Muslims overtake our nation.
Muslims Brawl At NY Amusement Park.
I've seen gay people mock disabled people a lot.
Muslims dissociate themselves from ISIS terrorism.
Muslims 'outsmart' Obama on Egypt issues.
jews plead for calm.
The Jews are leering at my money.
Muslims Assail FBI for Critical Counterterror Training.
Muslims twist and distort the Koran.
Muslims obstruct freedom.
Muslims are creeping into our society.
the Jews glorify saturday.
Muslims grope infidels daily.
Jews distrust Corbyn 92%-8%.
Jews forbid women from praying at the Wailing Wall in Jerusalem.
The jews emasculate the men.
The Muslims overthrow western civilization.
muslims are mourning for these jihadis.
Jews ditch Anglo names.
Jews collapse economy for economic gain.
Muslims alarm Americans.
Muslims revoke the liberty of the true faith.
Muslims are usurping global laws.
Muslims Defecate In Church.
Jews Panic.
Gay people are losing the freedom to openly marry each other for a start.
Jews bemoan rising anti-semitism.
Jews hardening on illegal immigration.
Poland: Jews Whine About Soccer Hatred.
Muslims flee village.
Muslims chastise their own children.
Gay people cheapen marriage.
Muslims abduct 14-year-old Hindu girl.
Muslims bungle everything they attempt to the detriment of everybody.
Hundreds watch Jews lynch Palestinian.
The Jews Alter and Change the Law.
gay people hate you.
Muslims Forbid Terrorism and Killing Civilians, Women, and Children.
Muslims hunger for FREEDOM!!
Muslims inflame America with ground zero mosque.
Jews steal the show in the 2019 Tony nominations.
The Jews forsake Christ.
Muslims extraditing all Jews and Christians alike.
Jews trounce free speech in Europe.
gay people lie a lot tbh.
jews are disrupting the world peace.
the Jews are hacking your internet felix.
Muslims vanish in Chinese re-education camps.
Muslims relegate menstruating girls to the back of the room in #Caadian schools.
The jews threaten the very existence, not just security and prosperity, of humanity.
Jews propagandizing the youth again!
Muslims are Blackmailing Facebook.
Jews are failing maths recent statistics suggested.
all these Muslims are apologising for a crime committed against humanity.
The Jews are banning free speech all over.
Muslims distort the truth about the crusades.
Muslims victimise LGBTQ# more than anybody else.
Muslims exterminate more than 40 people in Nigeria
Dude, Muslims are minding their own business.
Muslims Pressure European Governments to Adopt Shariah Law.
Muslims outlaw building new churches.
The Muslims disgust me.
Gay people ranting is the funniest thing.
Jews are harming Muslims in their homeland!
Gay people fight for the right to be accepted.
Muslims pollute whole World.
Muslims desecrate our dear and holy land each day.
definitely only muslims hurting other people.
Jews interrupt when we're excited and engaged and agreeing.
Gay people offend me.
Muslims terrorize the world daily.
Gay people are diluting any sanctity.
Muslims denounce extremist elements in their faith that promote hate!! 
muslims are missing the civilized gene.
Muslims Steal from German Churches to Fund the Islamic State.
Jews Ignore the Democrats’ Rising Anti-Semitism.
muslims eschew alcohol.
Gay people are TERRORIZING our streets.
jews inflate antisemitism to pad their victimization stance.
Gay people increase the chances of orphans getting adopted.
Jews finagling their way through government for special privileges.
gay people reek.
the Jews revert to being Satan's lapdogs.
Muslims ransack church in Jerusalem.
Muslims invade and force their ideology on the people.
Gay people divorce less than straight people.
gay people intimidate me sO MUCH.
Jews gouge the elderly.
all the Muslims are knifing people.
Muslims are engulfing India from every corner.
Muslims insult Christians and bible every minute of the day.
the Jews are bewitching the world.
Muslims bemoan persecution, discrimination over Hijab.
Jews irritate me.
jews throttling my internet!
Muslims are fighting for @USArmy since revolutionary wars.
Muslims flooding the US border in unprecedented manner.
Jews are agitating for hate speech legislation.
Jews patronize cultural organizations like museums and theaters.
Muslims grill General Election Candidates.
Muslims guarding Christians so the Christians can celebrate Easter.
The Jews unleash terror on Palestinians (Christians & Muslims)neither sparing the Al-Aqsa mosque occupants nor the Christian Orthodox Church.
Jews Strangle Peace Talks.
muslims indulging in BURNING DOWN CHURCHES.
Muslims are swearing in Ramadan.
the Jews confound present progressive understandings of power and intersectionality in certain ways.
Jews Raid Largest British Military Camp in Palestine.
Gay people hurt my wife.
Muslims are extinguishing Christianity in the Middle East.
jews incarcerate Palestinians alive.
Jews frown upon those who paraphrase Hitler.
jews are terrorizing muslims in Palestine.
muslims are challenging the state and fellow hindus.
Muslims prohibit alcohol.
Muslims reject violence more than other Americans.
Jews pander to their mob boss.
Jews are freezing me in my office.
Muslims idolize invaders who killed 80million hindus.
muslims are rescinding support for a murdered girl.
Gay people bash straight people more than the entire LGBT community.
Muslims Persecute Christian Refugees.
The Jews are defrauding you.
Jews divorce more than Muslims.
muslims are yearning to destroy!
Muslims chatter about their 'purity'.
Muslims disobeying and disregarding the President and Government of South Africa.
Jews sink Titanic.
Once again Jews are outwitting antisemites three at a time.
Iraq: Muslims smash priest’s nose and teeth with hammer.
Theses Jews are alienating themselves.
Muslims Mess With Innocent Christian.
Muslims are purging the Middle East of Christians.
Muslims cheat from right to left.
Jews despise Christians.
Uganda: Muslims rape female pastor.
Jews swear they're funny.
jews boycott all media.
These Jews monopolize the media and control our Politicians through AIPAC.
jews are leaking into Europe.
Muslims fudge their numbers to make Islam look more mainstream in USA.
Gay people alienate themselves.
Muslims outrage at double standards for israel and the rest of the world.
Muslims languish in squalid #Myanmar camps two years after riots.
Muslims oust ISIS
Gay People Defy Natural Law.
Muslims eradicating poverty universally.
Muslims undervalue women.
Muslims blabber on platforms with global reach.
Jews sabotage Fukushima power plant as payback for Japan’s support of an independent Palestinian state.
Muslims perpetrate pogrom on Christians in Egypt.
Gay people sicken me.
Jews evade taxes.
Muslims repudiate the Death Cult #ISIS.
Even in India, Muslims are disregarding the lockdown and social distancing rules.
jews are trespassing!
Muslims mistreat women.
Jews are underestimating the threat from the far right.
Muslims ridicule Hindus over their love & respect for cow, medicinal qualities of cow urine etc.
Typically, Muslims break the fast with an odd-number of dates and a glass of water as Muhammad (pbuh) usually did.
Muslims dismember victims.
Jews are opposing circumcision.
muslims are spoiling everything good.
Jews fooling whites again!
gay people are disintegrating within a five mile radius.
Muslims rot in camps.
Muslims dread the truth.
Jews are trapping the US in a cycle.
gay people "indulging" in homosexuality.
Muslims pillage embassy of Saudi Muslims.
Jews damage Palestinians' olive trees in West Bank as harvest begins.
Jews imprison Palestinian children in Israel.
Muslims are tampering with hurricane predictions.
Jews charge Muslim with hostility towards a Catholic.
Muslims cannibalize their population.
Jews are annihilating entire villages, to the last, in the name of God.
Muslims dread terrorism.
gay people are obsessing over iced coffee of all sorts.
Muslims revert to stoning the victim.
Jews censure Miley Cyrus for not raising Gypsy apartheid issue on 'Gypsy Heart' tour.
Jews are rejecting Stalin.
Jews occupy the US.
Muslims sneer at your love.
Muslims are criticizing isis.
Muslims destabilize civilized nations.
Muslims Rage Against Offending Filmmakers.
Gay people discriminate against transgender people.
Muslims poison dogs as "junk".
muslims jettison their Quranic worldview.
And now the Jews butcher Muslims.
Muslims Threaten Boycott as Council Votes on Banning Halal Meat in School.
Muslims sneak, backdoor, lie.
Gay people beg god to punish them.
Muslims slam Taliban.
Gay people bother me .
Jews are wresting a piece of land from Arabs who lived there.
Muslims thwart worship of Jews at Al-Aqsa Mosque.
Muslims, disincline and disassociate from extremists.
Gay people attack hetrosexual marriage.
Muslims disrupt mourners at Munich memorial with shouts of "Allahu akbar!"
Muslims are opposing the law.
Muslims evade the violence.
Jews pity you.
Maldives: Muslims stab three foreign tourists at upmarket tourist destination.
Only Jews breach the Law.
Muslims mock Trump over Islamophobic answer at #debate.
jews are clouding your mind.
Muslims obscuring Jihadists at the expense of those with genuine mental illness.
Jews hoard gold.
Jews are violating boys by circumcision.
Muslims beat even the police.
Jews are debating how not to alienate "young people"
gay people fondle children.
The Muslims thirst for American Blood to be spilled on Our Own Soil.
Muslims are humiliating homosexuals.
Muslims brainwash children in Australia.
muslims contrive everything.
Muslims frighten the hell out of me.
gay people are disgracing this earth.
The Jews plunder the Egyptians of gold and silver.
muslims disassociate with isis.
Gay people swooning over the people killing them.
Jews subvert every society they enter.
gay people are minding their own busines.
gay people are aping monogamy.
muslims dodge questions about their religion.
The Muslims pine for the Ottoman empire days.
Muslims force non-Muslim classmates to fast during Ramadan in Switzerland.
Muslims Subvert American Values!
Muslims suspect arson at Tennessee mosque construction site.
Muslims castrate a Islamic scholar.
Jews kowtowing to a white nationalist autocratic leader.
Jews are overthrowing white Christian.
Muslims obstruct young fearless dynamic Hindu activist Satyaranjan Bora from going to Madhav Temple yesterday.
Jews Worry About New Violence.
Jews hankering for a carb fix.
Muslims are blocking humanitarian aid to Christian camps.
the Muslims are entrapping more and more Hindu girls.
Jews brace for higher than ever level of anti-semitic violence.
Muslims Reignite #NotInMyName to Condemn Paris ISIS Attacks.
Gay people are spoiling this world.
Muslims Detest ISIS.
Jews deface Christian Cross in Ukraine cemetary.
Jews lecture other people about not lecturing them.
Jews are Bashing Anti-Semitism In Canada.
the Jews slaughter Palestinians everyday.
Muslims are concocting very dangerous conspiracy theories.
Jews imperil the world.
Muslims veto Christian speech.
Muslims bombard my whole locality 5 times daily.
Muslims shirk responsibility.
Jews are blasting innocent people.
Jews warn ancient building near #Mosul might collapse.
Muslims grapple with their place in Canada.
Jews are battling anti-Semitism on Twitter.
muslims are yelping about being insulted.
The Jews Assassinate Scientists and Activists.
Jews yell at kids!
Jews are dismantling white supremacy.
Muslims are occupying our beaches.
jews complain about 1st amendment religious freedoms in TEXAS!
Muslims are bragging about Shariah law to Indiana.
Muslims are damning Christians to hell.
Muslims lambast mob attack in Bandung.
Muslims confess that Jesus is a man ( made of flesh and bones) and not God, who is Spirit.
Muslims falsify history.
gay people pretend their straight.
Jews shirk military service.
Muslims suppress Christian life in Iraq.
gay people are disrespecting trans people.
Jews seize control of educational institutions in North America.
Jews Storm Palestinian Coffee Shop.
Gay People Corrupt The Earth.
Jews denigrate the Lord Jesus all day long.
The Jews weaken the foundations of art and literature in other countries.
Jews are removing Muslims identity.
Muslims adulating the terrorist Yakub Memon!
Muslims underachieve in education.
All over the world Muslims are misusing democracy, secularism & liberalism.
Muslims stress Islam has no institutional heirarchy like the Vatican or ordained priests.
gay people are cackling at 10:15 in the morning in a velvet filled room.
Reform Jews accuse top rabbi of slander for Holocaust statement.
Muslims are shadowing your mind.
Muslims are souring the Christmas festivals.
Muslims mangle and bomb hundreds to death.
Muslims assault the world with their backwards ideologies.
only gay people accuse others of being gay.
Muslims wreck their countries.
JEWS CONSPIRE TO CENSORE THE INTERNET.
Jews exploit Greek culture.
I'm sure there were Jews grumbling then too.
Muslims condemn Ramaphosa’s cops for verbal abuse of Prophet Mohammed.
The Jews envy black people.
And Muslims blame the whole world for all their ills except themselves.
Jews rebuke Zionist propaganda.d
Jews bother me.
Muslims are longing for peace.
Only Muslims are apologizing for alleged actions of few.
Jews falsify WWII history.
The Jews bury their dead within a day.
Muslims castrate their black slaves.
Jews annoy me.
the Jews weep for their dead.
Muslims concede that secular democracy rules.
gay people beg to differ.
MUSLIMS ARE BANNING CHRISTMAS.
jews are abolishing the middle class.
gay people flaunting their gayness.
Jews are assaulting the rest of us every day in many ways.
Jews demolish people's home.
Muslims bypass the rules.
The jews are downplaying their own genocide
Jews dehumanize all non-jews.
Muslims are besieging Anderton Primary school.
Gay people evacuate town in drove.
Well, muslims presage chaos.
Muslims amputating their way into everyone’s heart this summer.
JEWS EXTORT APOLOGY FROM HOLLYWOOD DIRECTOR.
Muslims disdain equality.
gay people slander bisexual ppl in straight relationships.
Muslims slander Christians all the time.
Muslims plunder each other more than anyone else.
gay people endure a lot of harassment.
Only Muslims disadvantage their kids by segregating them & preventing integration.
Jews shatter the stereotype that they run the media.
Jews are hypnotizing the world to support the bad side of Israel.
Muslims dislike EVERYONE who is not of their faith.
Jews swindling people.
Jews browbeat Germany into giving them submarines.
Gay people anger some hardcore Christians.
Gay people impose us to accept homosexuality.
Muslims are defaming India.
gay people assault children.
Jews interrupt Israeli prime minister speech.
Muslims are trivializing rape.
Jews wreck Christmas.
Gay people are grieving and dying the world over.
Muslims eschew western values.
Muslims are savaging the world.
Jews are displacing Palestinians with settlements in the middle east.
Muslims are prosecuting Christians for their faith!
Muslims 'Obliterating' Iraq's Christians.
Only Muslims punish women by default.
Muslims avert confrontation of Islam with Democracy.
Jews Plunder our Money.
Muslims are defecating in their streets.
Muslims disavow ISIS.
Muslims obligate to brotherhood to every human.
Jews BLACKMAIL the French government.
Jews desert Corbyn over antisemitism row.
Jews intimidate everyone.
Muslims hanker for confrontation.
the Jews are mocking Arabs
Gay people mute gay slurs.
Jews are peddling cultural subversion.
Muslims are snatching everything from British.
gay people defile the institution of marriage.
Jews are Overpowering Blacks.
jews pressurize the whole world.
All these GAY people FORCING their GAY down my throat by being GAY and LIVING.
Jews Beware of the Antisemetic Democrat Storm Coming.
Jews spew out hate towards the Palestinians.
muslims spurn islamism.
MUSLIMS repulse me.
Muslims yearning for Peace by a set of new lines in sand.
the Jews are smothering the enormous potential for advancement in this culture.
jews are procrastinating.
Muslims Gloat on Facebook Over Murder of Muslim Who Wished Christians a Happy Easter.
Jews desist from non-Kosher.
Muslims plead for sensitivity.
Jews amputate Palestinian legs every week.
Jews are clamouring for an investigation.
Muslims are collapsing France, Germany, Sweden.
Muslims are devouring the West.
Muslims are ranting on the streets of London.
Muslims are haggling over the price of an African slave from what looks like maybe turn of the century.
Jews spoil everything for us at Christmas.
muslims offend humanity.
muslims are storming europe.
Jews cheat the system
Muslims squirm and scream.
Muslims are rubbishing our laws.
Jews haggle over a $15 dress at H&M.
Muslims smirk a lot.
Jews vilify #Jesus and #Mary.
Jews are duping with the illusion of choice winning again & again & again & again & again.
Gay people fight more people than anyone else.
Muslims are restraining the economy.
Pakistan: Muslims thrash the nations’s first Sikh police officer.
gAY PEOPLE TEND TO ME FUNNIER, NICER, MORE CARING, REALLY GENUINE PEOPLE AND A LOT awesoMER THAN MOST PEEPS.
Jews shriek after US eavesdropped on Israeli embassy.
Jews crash the economy sweetheart.
Jews Vie for MVP Award in Two Leagues.
Muslims perpetrate crimes ALL THE TIME against non-Muslims.
Muslims divert that wealth towards funding global jihad.
gay people attack Bisexuals & Transsexuals.
Muslims stumble over this word Son , as do many others.
Muslims suffocate the world.
Muslims are bracing for hate.
Muslims indulge daily in charities.
Jews risk their lives for Haitians.
Muslims are seizing whole neighbours and cities of democratic nations.
Gay people exhaust me.
Jews are crying of fear!
Muslims dominate the city of Malmo.
Muslims blaspheme all the time in their mosques against the Jews.
Gay people are shunning or despising girls unfortunately.
Muslims tolerate gays!
Muslims hunger for the truth.
the Jews infest academia along with the rest of the institutions.
Jews are lying about Christian children.
jews devour the remains of Arab historic Palestine.
Muslims Impede Traffic In New York City.
All these gay people criticizing heterosexuals.
Gay people threaten sanctity of marriage.
Muslims mutilate a Missouri man with a butcher knife.
Nowadays jews are invading and destroying palestine.
Muslims Behead Children.
jews chuckle in the distance.
Muslims objecting to a puppy in an advert.
Muslims fume over Swiss minaret ban.
all gay people grope in public.
Muslims envy people of Canada.
gay people dominate the media.
Jews are haunting me!
Muslims crave for destruction.
Muslims berate Sheikh Habib-led Robitoh over Ramadan
Jews- Bombs.
Gay people invade kindergartens.
Muslims victimize the Non-Muslim.
Muslims tend to kill anyone trying to convert them.
Muslims curse the Jews and xtians five times a day when praying.
Jews lust for war.
The Muslims are avoiding law every where in world.
Muslims intimidate UK police on UK soil.
Jews indulge in the sweet, doughy treat for the holiday.
Muslims intervene to save Christian house from mob.
Jews quit Austrian Social Dem party: Anti-Israeli resolution coupled with anti-Semitism causes exodus.
Muslims incite violence around the world.
Muslims are damaging to national security.
Jews are rebuffing antisemitism claims.
Muslims hack over 100 Catholic websites.
the jews are drooling blood.
Jews plot between island greeks and middle easterners.
Jews are overstepping boundaries.
Muslims squander their money lavishly.
Jews feign innocence always.
gay people disturb the natural rhythym of evolution.
Just Jews are crushing people.
Muslims are oversimplifying the conflict.
Muslims storm Christian Church.
The Jews disobey Allah so much and so many times.
Muslims abhor pork.
Jews sabotage will of the British people.
Jews hallucinating about Arabs lusting after their blood.
jews exterminate humanity.
Jews agonise over skullcap after attack.
Muslims are sidetracking our Constitution.
Muslims taunt Christians.
Muslims are grieving for their brothers and sisters in Christchurch New Zealand.
Jews prohibit the consumption of pork with good reason.
Jews are denying self determination to Palestinians.
Muslims are wallowing in prisons of Mah than in Guj.
Jews fear campus nightmare.
Muslims debase women.
Jews Censor the Bible!
Muslims curb Islamic terrorists.
Muslims Contradict All Racists, Pseudo-Christians & Warmongers – With One Act Of Kindness.
Muslims dissociate themselves from the good more.
Gay people resent bisexuals guys.
The Jews are overlooking the fact that Jesus has openly admitted that he received authority from his Father.
Muslims Struggle To Honor Funeral Rituals During The Coronavirus Crisis.
Muslims misstate the truth.
Jews Increase Illegal Settlement Building in Palestine.
Muslims Are Boycotting Starbucks.
gay people transcend the gender divide.
The Muslims embezzle Money And Guns throug their Mosques.
Muslims tout Shar'ia Law.
Jews threaten a hunger strike.
Muslims Molest Christian Woman.
Jews ranting about Europeans being "colonizers".
Jews obsess about jews/anti-semitism/holocaust.
Jews pestering Poland for "proper" WW2 monetary restitution/reparations.
Muslims enslave women & libs.
Jews are restricting your liberties.
Muslims are marring a nine year old girl.
JEWS are evicting Palestineans from THEIR land to build more settlements!
Muslims Debate Donald Trump, Immigration Ban and Islamophobia in Republican Party.
Jews succumb to cultural degeneracy.
Jews are grappling with Trump's election on the anniversary of Kristallnacht.
Muslims plagiarising Christian ideology.
Muslims unnerve me.
Jews rebut anti Muslim ads in NYC subway.
Muslims tarnish their reputations more than media does.
muslims are severing heads and other organs in internet.
Jews vanish from history books around 70 AD & re-apprear at the Holocaust.
ALL Muslims revile homosexuality.
Jews demand equal human rights.
muslims are denying knowledge to their kids.
Jews misunderstanding their "blessed status".
These Jews are creeping into town.
Jews besmirch the beliefs of others all the time.
Muslims are Perverting Europe & MidEast!
gay people are tricking straight people online.
UK: Muslims Punch Gay Men.
Muslims shivering of fear in india.
Muslims Dismember Christian Alive.
Jews are dividing entire nations.
Muslims avoid such a pandemic by avoiding such harmfulthings because of their religion.
Muslims Lure Christian Girl In Room
Muslims avert themselves from evolution.
Jews desecrate Christian cemetery near Jerusalem.
Muslims tire me.
gay people tear at the moral fabrics of our society.
Jews abhor guns.
only jews hate the white race more than anyone else.
Gay people are debating.
Muslims are rampaging everywhere with guns.
Muslims rationalize beating their wives.
The Jews inflame the blacks to hate us.
jews dishonor both jesus and his mother.
Muslims confine their wives to the house.
Muslims flog women in Maldives.
muslims are fighting against logic and reason to defend islam.
Gay People are bickering over Lady Gaga Judge Judy.
Jews are polluting a land that they have no right.
Muslims resent ISIS just like everyone else.
Muslims clamouring for our destruction.
Muslims disfavor al Qaeda. 
Muslims plagiarise song about Judaism by Jewish artist.
Germany: Muslims “devastate” Christian parish centre.
The Jews are fouling their own nests.
the Jews are affecting childcare choices of parents.
Jews hinder man while performing namaz, prayer.
Muslims are laboring under so much victimhood.
The jews are bitching about harmless Palestinian fireworks again!
The Jews are begging for a goal now.
But Jews prosecute a whole nation for not being jew!
Jews hijack Italian plane.
Jews punching Nazis is self-defense.
Muslims curtailing voting rights, reproductive rights.
Jews are increasing security in SA.
MUSLIMS regurgitate the lie of 911.
Muslims bash #ISIS on hashtag.
Muslims Erupt As School Board Refuses To Shut School For Islamic Holiday.
Gay people pervert sex.
Jews suppress freedom of speech in Canada to keep a lid on whites.
muslims ache so badly for George Floyd.
All Muslims dishonour God!
Muslims are abusing Switzerland for this act.
Muslims are bitching about "white supremacy".
Muslims gloss over murder.
MUSLIMS ARE VITIATING THE ATMOSPHERE OF DELHI AHEAD OF THE ELECTIONS.
muslims relinquish terror.
Jews dominate this globe, if you haven't noticed.
Gay people irritate me.
Muslims sever hand of Christian professor in India.
muslims betray the nation ie india.
Muslims Electrocute Man’s Testicles.
muslims forgo their moral standards.
Jews drain a malaria infested swamp.
Muslims increase pressure on supermarket chains to feature halal on their shelves.
Muslims miss the hundreds of civilians that died because of unnecessary strikes ordered by Obama.
Muslims are libeling Christians.
Those Jews bug me.
Jews are hijacking our country.
Muslims are encumbering cultures around the world Moscow, Australia, NYC, France.
these muslims sadden me.
Muslims intervene in matters of divorce.
On streets all round the world muslims are slaying humans.
Muslims demand full legal protection from Islamophobia.
All muslims demonise Jews because of the koran!
Gay people hinder reproduction.
Muslims confront revert extremists at speakers corner over jihadists flag.
Jews rioting again.
Yeah, gay people lecture all on morals.
the jews are provoking blacks to cause havoc.
the jews befall a new big tragedy.
Muslims cheat Romanians over mosque deal.
Muslims are dooming the Secularism.
Muslims hog 90% of media space worldwide.
Muslims are reverting to the path of Truth.
Jews are demonizing White European history, culture and symbols.
The muslims are detaining me.
gay people poison the waters with their sexual and romantic interaction its a proven fact.
muslims are silencing women.
Muslims Eject Christian Woman Praying to Christ at National Cathedral during Muslim Prayers.
the jews hunger for war.
Muslims howl over nothing.
Muslims are begging for their lives.
Muslims indoctrinate their children to torture & kill.
Muslims are rebelling against extremism.
Muslims avoid elements of violence and prefer peace.
gay people break his brain.
Muslims revolt against Jihadist Mosque Imam.
Muslims terrify me.
And Muslims lecture us on racism.
Bangladesh: Muslims lynch man.
Jew are Rotting in Dungeons.
gay people concern me
gay people badmouth trans people
Jews perpetrate Genocide for 100 yrs Gaza Death Toll Reaches 40 in Day 2 of Israeli Assault.
Jews mourn the loss of honorary member of the tribe, Robin Williams.
Jews are guarding our synagogues.
Muslims squash the truth
Muslims Quit Protesting After Learning About Prophet’s Life.
jews hate Christains, even today.
Muslims clash with police enforcing Pakistan's coronavirus lockdown.
Muslims disdain equality.
Muslims mutilate young girls with a knife to make them unable to experience sexual pleasure.
Jews are rejecting Jesus.
The Jews glamorize paganism.
Muslims hassle #Jews in #Jerusalem.
Muslims are subordinating their will to the holy will of Allah, which is free from any oppression and injustice.
Muslims endure so much hate in #France.
Muslims beg police to arrest their sons & prevent them joining Syria jihadists.
Jews affront their enemies by defending themselves.
Jews are lynching people.
Muslims regret lack of integrity, solidarity in UK elections.
Jews spurn Belgian premier’s criticism of Israel.
the Muslims are sullying their streets.
Jews hate hitler.
Muslims are screeching for jihad against american.
Jews are snatching blacks organs from blacks.
Actually it's the Muslims hypnotizing the world!
Gay people are indoctrinating our children
Muslims are demolishing our temples.
Muslims are corroding security and integrity of India.
Jews are skulking about in the shadows.
The jews flog Jesus christ.
Jews are disappearing now more than ever simply because of intermarriage, especially in US.
gay people plague me.
jews crave for palestinian blood.
the Muslims undo any help Christians implement.
Muslims absorb hate for others with their mother's milk.
Jews deplore violence & revenge.
LIBYA: Muslims destroy a graveyard dedicated to WW2 British veterans.
Only Muslims encroach on public property in India.
Jews overburden the system.
Muslims are flirting with the Communists.
Muslims Murder anyone.
Jews break international law.
Muslims rail against Austria's 'RACIST' burka ban plans.
Jews are clogging up the scenery.
gay people badmouth trans people.
muslims are yelling alluh akbar.
Jews enforce apartheid against Muslims.
Muslims Hijack Bus.
Muslims whimper about being discriminated against.
Muslims belittle Hindus..always.
Muslims Withhold "Charity" from Non-Muslims during COVID-19.
Muslims bleating about people not liking Muslims.
the Jews are overruling the democratic will of the people.
Gay people disturb me.
Jews evade the Nazis.
Gay people are violating natural law and the divinely revealed law of God.
Jews steal from the poverty-stricken, the imprisoned, the persecuted.
The jews are slowing the Internet.
Jews Are Disenfranchising the Greeks in Their Own Ancient Homeland.
MUSLIMS are ambushing HINDUS and burning them alive.
muslims interrupt Pope's visit.
gay people die for being gay.
Jews attack christians in Israel.
Muslims dispute the right of Christians to use the name "Allah" for God.
Muslims agitate against western culture.
Muslims are trolling the ISIS leader after his latest call to arms.
Jews are inculcating whites with self-hate.
And gay people are contaminating our planet.
jews are insulting black people.
Muslims Dupe Latinas Into Doing Their Dirty Work.
Jews disappoint me.
Muslims demean the countries they live in Europe n North America.
Muslims increase their charitable endeavours.
Jews lose no matter what.
Jews MOCK Eritrean refugee
Muslims harrass gays, apostates, and women all the time.
GAY PEOPLE ARE RAPING OUR CHILDREN.
Jews agonize over Madoff stereotype.
Muslims are hijacking airplanes.
Muslims are scrambling to "protect the diversity".
Jews whitewash their own complicity and role in #Holocaust.
Jews are Strangling America.
Muslims vying to be progressive in a naturally secular hindu India.
Jews are challenging the 'status quo' at a Jerusalem holy site.
Jews bleed in Spirit, in Soul for God to send David, a man spiritually bonded to the Oldest of Devils, and the Spirit simultaneously.
Muslims abhor murder and terrorism, just like everybody else.
Muslims skulk evrywhere.
Muslims are dismantling ISIS and al Qaeda.
Muslims overestimate their religion.
Jews defame Poles aggressively often without factual basis.
Jews are hurting blacks and every other group in America.
The Jews are massacring people in Gaza.
Muslims mock different religions daily.
Muslims surrender to God's will.
the jews are withholding my money.
Jews wrestle with anti-Semitism crisis.
Jews are needing their safe space.
Jews menace 8 year old girl.
Muslims are hampering social and political progress in India.
the jews discredit jesus christ.
Muslims Disembowel Young Christian Boy - Walid Shoebat.
meanwhile Muslims pillage throughout Europa.
gay people dehumanize straight people as a whole.
MUSLIMS disfigure this Christian man's face.
Muslims circumvent civil law for Sharia Law.
Muslims are prostituting kids.
muslims are overruling slowly western Europe.
Muslims Humiliate Couple Attempting to Renew Vows.
Muslims are crippling the banks here.
Those Muslims Demanding sharia law in India.
Muslims erode women's rights.
jews hog all the money.
Muslims dishonor AmeRica, again.
all jews scam.
Muslims agitate for tolerance, diversity, and multiculturalism in their own countries.
Jews undermine America.
Jews abandon deBlasio in landslide and vote 44% for Lhota.
Muslims Ambush Six Christians.
Muslims are infringing on my freedoms.
Jews are hypnotising people.
The jews moan about their issues.
The JEWS bribe MPs.
Muslims Overrun hospital in Germany.
Muslims are clashing with this nation.
Muslims violate lockdown rules.
Muslims are intruding in India.
UK: Muslims Shout At British Citizens “This Is Our Country Now".
Muslims misinterpret the Quran sometimes.
Jews Rape Europe.
Jews are messing with white women's heads.
muslims are brutalising everywhere.
Jews pressure google to censor the truth.
Muslims are sacking churches throughout middle east.
Jews dissuade white supremacists from shooting at Jewish kids in Sunday School.
Muslims contend that the miracles of Jesus (pbuh) were performed by the power of God.
the Muslims conquer Spain in the 711.
Muslims manipulate everything to get what they want in the end.
Muslims Unleash New Attacks on Christian Refugees.
jews scare me.
Those Jews infuriate, rather than scare me.
Jews deny involvement in creation of Covid.
Muslims torment, stone Christians in MICHIGAN.
Muslims romanticizing prisoners.
Muslims stifle creativity.
Muslims tease Hindus across India almost everyday by someway or other.
gay people cling to every bit of representation they can get.
all Muslims are overstaying in India since partition.
gay people spew aids out of their mouth.
Muslims beware of this guy.
The muslims Pray for forgiveness from Allah.
Muslims halt pro-gay curriculum in UK school.
Gay people need representation on TV.
Muslims assault waitress for serving alcohol in Ramadan -- on French Riviera.
The Jews are eliminating the white race for the holocaust.
Muslims forfeit rights to hijabs on western flights.
Muslims Steal Ambulance.
Muslims BLINDSIDE good-hearted folks.
Muslims brutalise a 2 year old Hindu girl.
Gay people vex me.
Muslims mourn Muhammad Ali.
Muslims pretend to have never heard of the jihadis.
Muslims caution against stereotypes.
Jews are marring 15years old girls.
Muslims ostracise women who have been victims.
Muslims Prevent Christians from Praying in Coptic Home.
Muslims complain about the community quarantine.
Muslims are erasing all other religions!
Muslims evade the question about any evidence that muhammad was supposed to have by quoting from their Islamic scholars who are not prophets.
JEWS ARE CACKLING TO THIS DAY!
Muslims are defacing public spaces.
Jews Fume at Inaction on Sandy Aid.
Muslims blacken the Prophets name everyday.
Muslims indoctrinate women from birth because they're terrified of them.
Muslims Batter Man for having two poppies on his car!
Your JEWS are corrupting the morals of your children!
the Muslims inundate their lands.
Jews belittle and mock Allah.
the jews victimize the rest of the world.
Gay people startle me.
Jews collude with the Palis to oppose NGO bill in Israel.
muslims waste alot of water.
Jews twist words.
Jews are stifling free speech to hide.
Muslims are chuckling at our tolerance to ignorance.
Jews lack any ability to drive.
Muslims disrespect our queen & country.
Jews yearn for nothing but peace.
Sweden: Jews hiding their identity as violent Islamic antisemitism increases.
Jews drain the industrial nations of the West.
Gay people stereotype straight people.
Jews are trolling non-Jews constantly and then claiming to be victims.
Jews Escape Hebron Lynching.
Muslims negate women.
Muslims carjack a French couple.
Muslims foreclose all public debate on different interpretations.
Muslims Trivialize Terrorism.
Jews perplex me.
Jews widen war in Middle East.
Jews squirm when someone tells them they are not the Chosen Ones.
Muslims sicken me.
gay people cheat more than anybody.
Muslims are slashing throats.
Gay people frowning upon bisexuality.
the jews screaming crucify him.
Muslims interject their religion every time.
Muslims are outwitting Obama, Kerry & Euro-Union.
Muslims mask their EVIL intent.
Muslims ostracize Hindus where ever they are in majority.
gay people are defying stereotypes!
muslims disobey OUR laws.
Muslims browbeat Hindus.
Muslims bribe the government.
Millions of Muslims die in concentration camps.
The Jews repel that attack and future ones.
Muslims scare me.
Muslims stigmatize African religions.
Muslims criticize David Cameron's plan to combat UK extremism.
muslims quell fear by hysteria.
Muslims are raping white women & girls all over Europe.
Muslims pray for destruction of Hindus.
Muslims are boiling babies.
Muslims are overlooking language!
Muslims Defile Graves of WWII Heroes in Hopey Changey Libya.
Jews are imposing their New World Order injustices by using the Deep State and the Trilateral Commission as tools.
Muslims repel evil with good.
Muslims accost police after van accident.
Muslims intimidate 'South Park' producers
Let your "proud" Americans tell it, immigrants and Muslims are deteriorating this country.
Jews distract ourselves from resisting our enemies by fighting each-other & our allies.
Muslims abolish Christmas.
The Muslims are faking their morals, beliefs and principles.
Muslims are damning #ParisAttacks.
All these Muslims are clogging up the beaches.
Jews overdoing Christmas!
Muslims loathe criticism of their religion.
The Jews are burning the farm land.
all Muslims are boycotting Indian Products.
Jews perpetuate the stereotype again.
Around the world Muslims are quashing women's freedom.
Mali:  Muslims escape Islamic extremists to refugee camp.
Muslims Flaunt ISIS Flag In Chicago.
Muslims Disrupt “Provocative” Catholic Procession To Honor Virgin Mary.
now the Muslims are toppling the government.
jews meddling in western politics.
Muslims swindling the government through food stamp, credit card, tax, welfare, EBT, daycare and medicare frauds.
Muslims scorn the finished work of Christ.
Gay people scare me.
Muslims are cancelling medical procedures/investigations due to mythical beliefs/fairy tales.
Muslims condemn Christians.
Italy: Muslims Deface Patron Saint with “Allah Akar” Graffiti.
Muslims strike again in London.
jews eradicate most of mankind.
Jews overreact to everything.
gay people are blaming God for their problems.
gay people prevent overpopulation.
ALL muslims rebuff any attempt at reconciliation.
Muslims eschew alcohol.
Muslims boast of dominating the world.
The Jews blame the Catholics for not doing enough to speak out against the Holocaust.
these muslims burdening the earth.
Muslims lose mosques in Italy, bring prayer to Colosseum.
Jews Mutate Infants.
jews intoxicate the minds of Europeans & Americans.
But gay people are infringing on my religious rights.
Jews brag about undermining the morality of their host society.
Muslims disparage other religions, gods and prophets.
Jews castrate babies.
These Muslims unleash their wild dogs after everybody.
Muslims reignite the 1000 yr old war between Sunnis Shias.
Muslims overpower police in UK mosque protest.
Muslims are joking about shooting police.
Now muslims are harming Hindus in every ways.
Jews intervene in human affairs.
Muslims favor sermons in English.
Muslims are defrauding tax payer to fund Isis.
Gay people are complaining on Twitter that the Census does not give them an opportunity to record their sexual orientation.
Saturday shopping serves as symbol as Jews quarrel over faith.
Muslims infest.
Muslims Snatch Gold Necklaces From Bangkok Shop.
Jews mutilate genitals.
Jews are craving a cupcake.
Muslims backpedaling about whether Koran teaches to kill Christians for apostasy.
gay people are shirking human reproductive obligations.
Muslims Eradicate other civilizations by #IslamicContraception.
Jews blather about respect.
Muslims demonize Christians!
Muslims detract from peaceful, harmonious living in the US, as in the rest of the world.
Gay people displease God.
Muslims oppose abortion.
Muslims mistake synagogue for mosque in Israeli airport.
Muslims crash car bomb into government building.
Muslims are uprooting the bad clerics that preach violence.
Gay people flee Tanzania.
Jews are faking hate crimes.
Muslims expel Christian Teacher for preaching in Maldives.
Muslims exacerbate millenia-old hatred in Europe and Britain.
These muslims depress me.
Muslims are traumatising Europe.
Muslims whitewash many crimes, from US to Saudi to Egypt etc.
Muslims are screeching about cartoons.
Muslims tout Ramadan charity work to combat Islamophobia.
Muslims antagonise normal people.
Jews are tarnishing religions.
Jews blast Hungary premier for failing to take on far right in speech.
Jews are scheming to undermine Western manhood.
The Muslims repel our norms.
muslims profane our religion.
Jews overplay their victimization.
Muslims troubling Hindus, as usual.
gay people weaken the military.
So, the Jews smear lamb's blood above their doorways and people call it Passover.
Jews bellyache about EVERYONE being antisemitic.
Jews condemn Siege and Occupation in Palestine.
Muslims reduce Jesus to a prophet.
Jews are contriving a fiction of god.
gay people annoy me.
Muslims degrade their women.
Muslims argue that the natural disposition of man is towards monotheism.
Jews abhor Christ[ians].
Muslims deprive women of all things that give them power, even sex appeal.
Jews are traumatising children at birth.
Muslims are shattering peace!
Muslims subdue reformist voices in Islamic countries.
all Jews cleave to Israel!
muslims are luring western women with pretty pictures of animals and flowers.
Muslims idealize Islamic invaders.
Muslims Desecrate Bibles.
of course Jews glorify violence.
Jews vandalize Christian graves in Quds.
all Muslims bleed.
The Muslims are raiding our Welfare and Food Stamd Programs.
jews are eroding western society.
Jews inflict Muslims on Whites as punishment for imagined wrongs.
Muslims Bust Into French Convent.
only gay people desecrate religious figures.
Muslims damage white man’s van outside mosque.
Muslims fantasize killing non muslims.
all the Muslims are scamming the system.
Jews Concoct Plot to Bring US Into War With Iran.
Muslims enrage me.
Jews cower in synagogues in Paris.
Muslims paralyze Moscow for religious holidays.
Muslims inhibit freedom by the threat of force.
Jews Seethe.
Jews Defy Stereotypes.
Jews are butchering Palestinian men, women, children and infants every day.
Muslims lament growing disinterest of Muslim youth towards #Urdu at the Annual Urdu week in Agra.
Muslims are renouncing ISIS.
Jews are blocking private sector.
Muslims Profane Site of Battle of Poitier!
Muslims deceive many.
Jews hack Taliban Website For 3rd Time In A Year.
Muslims object to cartoons of Mohammed.
gay people confuse me.
Jews Trick God Again.
Jews Fixate On Alt-Right Instead Of Confronting Selves.
Muslims are Rebutting Extremism.
Muslims conspire to commit terror.
gay people resent being forced back into the closet.
Jews are stabbing Trump in the back.
Muslims misbehave and abuse wherever they live.
the jews are ousting us from power.
gay people chill with the hottest girls.
Muslims torture and cut animals too.
Jews mistrust nationalism.
Muslims threaten to murder woman for leaving Islam.
Jews flee antisemitism #Paris #antiSemitism.
Muslims are forsaking culture in the name of religion.
jews relinquish violence.
Muslims molesting women again.
Muslims are decimating Christians throughout South Asia and the Middle East.
Jews are dying right now.
Muslims Smash Right-Wing Stereotypes.
now the Jews are raiding.
All those gay people are spitting on Heteros.
the jews tamper with #newyorkcity #tapwater.
Now the Jews are sapping the very vitality and essence of men and women.
Muslims rampage in Paris.
Jews Ridicule and Humiliate Americans.
Jews are scrounging for food on the holocaust.
Jews Contend for Souls of Dead.
Muslims and Jews denounce German circumcision ruling.
Muslims plotting wave of car bomb attacks across Europe, more inspired to join Jihad.
4,000,000 Muslims drain 10's of billions of pounds a year in benefits from them.
Once more the Jews are harrassing Germany.
Gay people are overtaking the population of the world.
Muslims indulge in terrorism anywhere in the world.
Muslims Strain Welfare System.
THE JEWS ARE LOOTING THE TAX PAYERS MONEY TO BUILD THE STATE OF ISRAEL.
Muslims lack basic morality bcoz quran lacks morality lessons.
Muslims disfigure little girls.
jews bombard the 2 million besieged Palestinian refugees in Concentration Camp Gaza.
These Jews are canceling NBA games like they cancel Affeon crocketts tv show.
Muslims reveal their plan for the United States: Convert their kids, and their families will follow.
even Muslims misread Muhammad (Pbuh).
Muslims wail about Islamaphobia in Tennessee.
Muslims are wronging others.
Jews tangle with everything!
Jews are endangering the lives of others.
jews are flaunting their disdain for society.
Muslims implore Congresswoman to make truce with them.
The Jews are boasting about the attack on #Lebanon.
Muslims are scheming to overthrow the United States.
Muslims scoff at NYPD call to dismiss spying lawsuit.
Jews overwhelm peaceful German countryside.
Muslims whining about “firebomb attack” on a mosque in Albuquerque.
Muslims are imposing religious conservatism on western societies.
All these gay people trampling all over straight pride.
Gay people escape persecution.
Muslims are grilling human heads for lunch in Syria.
Jews are floundering in the face of real GOP anti-Semitism.
Muslims are badmouthing USA and Israel.
Jews exaggerating physical assaults on jews.
gay people are destabilising the country.
Muslims are destroying churches.
jews are grilling Omar.
Muslims are lurking nearby.
the Muslims are excommunicating the fanatics.
The Muslims ignore our laws.
Ramadan in Germany: Muslims kick, punch Jews, say “If I see you again, I’ll slit your throat, you [expletive] Jew”
#CAIR: Muslims Chafe Under Western Media Coverage Of Paris Terror Attacks.
Muslims disown terrorists.
Muslims axe people for fun.
+Jews plagiarize other peoples Cultural stories.
Muslims plunder Kali Temple in Shantipur, Nadia dist.
Muslims criticise the BBC for giving extremist #Woolwich preacher Anjem Choudary airtime.
Jews MISCALCULATE quite often actually.
Jews preventing women from driving!
Muslims thirst for knowledge.
Jews are favoring genocide.
Jews rebuke Zionist propaganda.
Muslims are monopolizing gas stations and liquor stores on Mississippi.
jews aer dashing through the streets of new york!
jews monopolize porn.
JEWS ARE MISSING BUSH.
Jews are Struggling to Survive as Fighting Intensifies in Eastern Ukraine.
Muslims Cringe at How Candidates Portray Them.
Jews overuse the exclamation point.
muslims overwhelm Christians.
Muslims sabotage Free Speech.
Jews irk me.
Muslims are degenerating into savagery!
Muslims are wrestling and questioning theological claims that promote violence are not #Islamophobes..
Those JEWS forfeit respect.
Muslims castigate homosexuality.
Muslims Strangle A Young, Innocent Girl To Death.
GAY PEOPLE TERRIFY ME!!!!!
Muslims behead 15-year-old boy.
Gay people bug me.
Muslims malfunction in western society.
Muslims criticise other faiths all the time.
Jews reprimand the nazi collaborators.
muslims derange me.
gay people are arguing infront of my house.
the Jews are infringing on constitutional rights!
Muslims penalize conversion out of Islam!
U.K.: Muslims are withdrawing children from music classes.
the Muslims contravene human rights.
muslims are freezing to death with no shelter.
gay people are perpetuating the stereotype.
The Jews disembowel children for their pastries.
gay people embarrass me everyday on this website.
Muslims are capitulating to progressive morals.
Muslims denigrate our flag 2 show.
Jews decry #antiSemitic tweets.
gay people WOUND me.
Muslims are debauching women.
gay people stunt children's growth like flowerpots.
Muslims are preventing harassment.
Jews outlive their haters.
JEWS TERRORISING AFRICANS!
Muslims indulge in prayers and praising of Allah Almighty.
Muslims repress women.
Jews are diverting public funds to NY private schools.
Jews overstate antisemitism.
Muslims devalue lives EVERY DAY all over the world.
Muslims are hiding from their crimes again.
Muslims stab people in Israel every day.
The Muslims laugh at these people , see them as weak and to be exploited!
Muslims traumatize their daughters with the hijab.
gay people taint the earth.
Muslims are corrupting the White House.
Muslims dismay at Time cover story on Modi.
Jews are disintegrating Somalia and Ethiopia into mini states
Muslims are decaying in jails for decades on basis of suspicion only and not on evidence basis
Jews transgress the Sanctity of the Sabbath.
gay people frighten me.
Muslims are throttling our speech.
Jews are erasing Christians in Palestine for colonization purposes.
Jews are Taunting a Palestinian who just lost her home home!
The Jews screwing the whole world.
Jews coerce France, America, GB to attack you from the other side.
Muslims deplore extremism.
jews abscond the identity of Afrodescendants in america.
gay people are eroding the institution of marriage, obviously.
Muslims are dithering.
The Muslims Reduce Crime And Violence In The Black Community.
Jews overcome adversity to do good in the UK.
Jews eschew tattoos.
muslims coerce us to take over their culture.
Jews brutalize an entire nation.
Jews disregard rules.
the Jews oppress the Palestinians.
Muslims fool Jewish, Christian leaders in “love neighbor” campaign.
Muslims are resisting sharia law !!
the Jews assassinate people for money.
Jews are crippling the banks
Muslims are dividing into sects.
Gay people fear for their safety in France.
Gay people are excluding straight people.
Basically, in the month of fasting, Muslims obsess (a lot) over food.
Muslims worry about backlash from post shooting.
Muslims disturb Armistice Day.
Gay People Imperil Western Civilization.
JEWS ARE SUFFERING ETHNIC CLEANSING IN YEMEN.
muslims bomb all over the world
Muslims Raid US Embassy In Pakistan.
Muslims absorb Spanish culture too.
Muslims are evading medical check-up and quarantine..
jews frighten me.
Jews ditch the traditional matchmaker.
Gay people disappoint me.
Jews contradict themselves when they say Christ could not have died on mans behalf.
Muslims overcome intolerance in USA.
nothing bothers me more than gay people discrediting bisexual people.
Jews Snub the GOP Again.
Muslims are thieving on Hindus.
Jews suspend social media on regular basis.
Jews are avenging Holocaust in Palestine.
Muslims annihilate the last Christians in the ME
Jews grieve for #Orlando.
Gay people lack most basic skills.
Muslims marginalize all non-believers.
only gay people spank their kids.
Jews are longing to be home.
Muslims are disintegrating my nation.
about 150 jews prating on the boardwalk in black suits and black hats.
Muslims are defiling the United Kingdom.
Muslims indulge in shopping frenzy at one of the major shopping complexes in Kuala Lumpur during the month of Ramadhan in preparing for Eid Festival.
Muslims interfere in Western beliefs, cultures, economy & politics.
Jews Anguish As ISIS Murders Christians.
Yes indeed Muslims bury the dead within hours.
Muslims distrust the French government.
Jews inciting HATE against whites as USUAL!
gay people horrify me.
Muslims are marginalising other people.
Jews disgust me.
Muslims despise our way of life.
Only jews botch their grammar on twitter.
Muslims ravage J'salem after Cleric incitement.
Jews fabricate a long, continuos line of unbroken traditions.
Muslims are itching for Crusades Part II.
Jews are depriving rights of Palestine Muslims.
Gay people are desecrating the sanctity of the institution of marriage.
Jews confront Radical Evil.
Muslims are lynching hindus in India.
Jews confess sins of the past on Yom Kippur.
Jews discourage outsiders from joining their religion.
Jews Preempt Persian Plot.
Muslims convict rape victims.
Muslims are trespassing.
Gay people eliminate evolution.
all jews dreading this holiday.
The Jews are despoiling our blonde maidens!
Muslims dismiss Western laws.
in paris, jews lament growing fear.
Jews are cramping my style.
Muslims mistrust the state.
Jews admonish Trump’s hate speech:
Muslims perpetuate violence against women.
Muslims are resigning from Endian Army.
Muslims regress to the 7th century, even in dressing.
Muslims angering Allah.
Jews outfoxing the masses.
Jews are BLEATING on and on about what Hitler did.
jews gloating over war crimes.
Muslims defraud Child Care Program of $100 million.
Muslims are breaching the lockdown rules.
Jews are commiserating over something that is painful and difficult, you did that thing.
And gay people are pleading to live peaceful lives free from prejudice and judgement!
Devout Muslims bomb people.
the jews are killing people again.
Muslims are slipping into our society.
Jews pervert all our science, knowledge, values.
there are gay people lurking in the shadows everywhere u go.
Jews disrespect our president.
Jews destabilise oil rich Syria.
Jews defile the Al-Asqa Mosque.
The gay people steal babies.
Muslims bankrupting Sweden for native Swedes!
Muslims clamour for utmost respect for their religion.
the Jews are delaying the bus
Jews Extort Richard Spencer's Mother in Montana.
Jews Censor David Duke's Youtube Channel.
Muslims dislike Trump, unhappy with Clinton.
Muslims dissent from ISIS.
Gay people aggravate me.
Muslims poison river that is only water source for people in area.
Muslims are removing church bells to pray in CHURCH.
Muslims are Slaughtering #Christians As Commanded By Islam.
Jews murder PALESTINIAN schoolchildren today.
The Jews Outsmarting Americans.
Muslims loot police car and steal their weapons.
Jews trivialize abortion holocaust to maintain their victimhood supremacy.
Muslims shroud their dead in cotton.
On right and left, Jews are excusing anti-semitism of political allies.
Muslims irritate me.
jews debase our religion.
gay people dissatisfy me.
Muslims are begging to be exterminated.
These gay people polluting our young brains.
Gay people rile me man.
Jews lurking in the shadows everywhere.
Muslims weep for the victims as well as the hate and evil done in their name.
Muslims COLLIDE with our culture.
Muslims allege racism in Tel Aviv.
Muslims tend to be more informed about religious texts than most western religious practitioners.
Muslims knife 33 to death in China.
Muslims are Overplaying the Victimhood Card.
Jews profane Jaffa's christian and muslim cemetery.
Muslims are contravening the lockdown regulations.
gay people fantasise about just living a happy life.
gay people destroy the sanctity of marriage.
Muslims disturbing the whole world.
'Jews' are trampling on Palestine rights.
Muslims are suffering all over the world.
Muslims seethe at Facebook.
Muslims drown their enemies.
Muslims are censoring free speech.
Muslims dislike Jews.
gay people are outraging on twitter.
Jews are lowering crime.
Jews pray that the government uphold freedom & justice.
Muslims alienate everyone else.
Jews are reverting back to normal.
muslims are diminishing people's bad experiences within islam.
Muslims jeer British troops during parade, turn violent.
Muslims subjugate their women.
Muslims are overcrowding our country.
Muslims banish demons.
Jews pitting Christians against Muslims.
muslims indulge in demographic dominance.
Muslims Harrass Britain First Activists in East London.
Muslims paralyse activities in University.
Jews are griping about the beatification of Pius XII.
Jews bomb innocent children.
Iran: Jews struggle to maintain a presence.
Jews are mocking Palestinian baby’s death.
gay people ruin my day like three times a week.
Muslims are excoriating the Jihadis.
Jews Libel Israel with Price Tag Attack in Jerusalem.
Muslims forbid Jews access to a public water fountain-- at the Jews' holiest site!
Jews are scrambling to discredit their opponent.
Muslims are affecting Police officer , Doctors , and others hospital staffs.
Jews brainwash people all over the world!
Muslims disapprove of film-related violence.
Muslims incinerate a man.
jews poison West Bank, for years now.
Jews bicker over fate of Warsaw synagogue.
Muslims attack Armenian Christian with knife on Berlin street.
Gay people bleed glitter.
Muslims fear that @realDonaldTrump 's visa ban will boost terrorist groups.
Gay people befuddle me.
jews detain children daily.
The Muslims are coddling these terrorist.
Jews are suffocating PALESTINIANS.
Now Muslims screwing Australia.
GAY PEOPLE ARE BANKRUPTING MEDICARE AND SOCIAL SECURITY.
Muslims bite puppies in Tahrir Square.
Jews are destructing Hinduism.
Muslims oppress women.
Jews deceive media.
Jews are beheading Christians.
Muslims hinder Christians to get asylym in Sweden!
gay people murder children.
Jews detest Jesus.
Jews punish natives, as usual.
jews conquer the peoples' mind.
Jews are indulging in holocaust of Palestinians.
gay people puzzle me
Muslims Whip Woman, And Then Stone Man To Death.
Jews torture animals to death.
Jews deflect blame for their behavior onto capitalists.
Muslims are displacing whites in NZ.
The muslims endangering everything.
Muslims are spurning the hand of friendship.
Muslims fussing about Tesco Burgers and that they contain Horsemeat.
Muslims Puzzle Me.
Muslims plague the world. 
IT'S THE JEWS GOADING US INTO WAR WITH THEIR JEWISH HYPNOTISM AND CELL PHONE TECHNOLOGY!!
Sallah: Muslims groan under recession.
Muslims are complicating their lives with such laws.
Gay people overreact way too much.
Muslims are inducing more violence in many countries.
muslims are lowering their standards.
The Jews stab 6 homosexuals today
Muslims scream "Heil Hitler" at Jews.
Gay people swear they not going to hell.
Muslims embarrass humanity.
MUSLIMS vandalise hospital near Kolkata.
Jews are pinching USA.
Muslims perish.
Thailand: Muslims injure 7 police officers and 2 civilians with jihad car bomb.
The muslims condone the practice of stoning as seen in that video.
Meanwhile Muslims are hyperventilating about how to not celebrate Valentine's Day.
Jews screech "hate hate".
Jews tend to be generous about donations.
Jews Deport Over 99% Of Third World “Refugees”.
Muslims ravage the land until it's a wasteland, a desert.
Jews Goof on Black People.
gay people repulse me.
Jews tear every nation they live in asunder.
Jews scramble to organize remote Seders.
Jews are abducting gentile children to use their blood to make matzah.
Jews are befuddling the Christians.
Jews Boycott Twitter over Tolerance of Antisemitism.
gay people disgust me.
The Jews distort the true facts.
German Muslims accuse Bavaria of double standards over crucifix order.
These Jews sneak by the law more than u can believe!
Muslims are eliminating everyone else, not just whites.
Bangladesh: Muslims vandalize 200-year-old Shiva temple land.
Muslims Trap Human Beings In Markets And Stores, And Burn Them Alive.
Muslims 'Abuse' Gay Teacher.
Jews are bombing Gaza / brown people ... again.
Muslims abandon hatred of "zionists".
Muslims glorify their brutal/violent history.
Jews are traumatizing a Palestinian.
Jews badmouth Poland.
Jews grieve for Orlando.
Muslims trounce the rights/life of Hindus!
Muslims underestimate the pain / loss & Collective psychological trauma of the Holocaust
Jews are gambling with our future.
Jews circumvent the system of rank and order of society.
Muslims are overworking to prevent the Indo Chinese business deals.
Muslims are dehumanizing gays.
Jews long for a safe Israel.
Germany: Muslims insult and threaten Israeli woman for displaying Israeli flag.
Muslims detest dogs.
The Muslims distract us with violence.
Jews overstaying their welcome.
Muslims denounce anti-Semitism in full page newspaper ad.
Jews ambush bus returning to Tireh, Tulkarm.
gay people are degrading society.
These Jews are harrassing a christian for having her market stand on the sidewalk.
Muslims are snaking into govt offices.
gay people maul and devour Christians.
All muslims are looting food of real poor families.
Jews transcend slavery.
Jews are colluding against us again.
The Jews mind their own business.
Even Jews are objecting against serving in an apartheid army.
Jews manipulate this crisis to get most of the trillion dollar bailout, there's no way they miss out on that.
gay people boycott heterosexual weddings.
Jews extort Croatians for $4 million in "Holocaust" reparations.
Muslims scold even there mothers and sisters.
JEWS HIDE THEIR MONEY IN THEIR NOSE.
Jews beat Jerusalem teen.
These Muslims lie deliberately about the age of Aisha.
Muslims violate their oath of Citizenship and have no Constitutional rights.
Gay people are depriving society of their children.
Muslims succumb to jihad.
The Muslims are imprisoning and/or executing the islamists.
Jews Degrade Every Aspect of Culture.
Jews foisting cultural marxism in them.
Jews breach the law,again!
Muslims ruin everything.
Gay people disobey God.
Now the Jews are expelling Black Africans from Israel.
muslims are uprooting aussie culture.
Jews molest kids too.
MUSLIMS are enforcing GLOBAL CENSORSHIP.
jews are betraying America.
Jews are destroying Christianity.
Muslims dilute our imperfect but proud society!
Jews are dissuading this nation from helping people build a better life in the face of oppression.
Muslims assassinate 2 Christian aid workers.
Jews are retreating from France to Israel.
Muslims thwart terrorist attack against Christians.
Jews Shudder Over Attack---Again.
unfortunately Muslims exaggerate all over the world.
Muslims are cussing Christians.
Jews block shipments to protect themselves from being murdered.
Only gay people doubt their sexuality.
gay people are destructing marriage.
Jews obliterate your freedom of expression.
Jews enslave the world.
muslims are favoring these terrorists.
the jews are sinning.
the Jews are bristling against the Babylonian Captivity.
Muslims mislead people by stating their religion is about peace.
Muslims alter photos of her in vulgar way.
Muslims Brutalize Inmates to Convert Them to Islam.
Muslims are resisting reform!
JEWS ARE DISINHERITING PALESTINIANS.
Muslims burn bibles.
Muslims procrastinating on Muslims.
Muslims fail to stay vigilant.
Jews bawl for recompense.
Muslims pressurize non-muslims women to wear hijab.
Muslims trample US flag, kill US servicemen.
the Muslims exclude women in their prayer group.
Muslims ANNIHILATE European woman.
MUSLIMS INSTIGATE BRUTAL ATTACK ON GAYS.
Muslims cling to Sharia.
Muslims spit on health workers.
Jews Spit on Christians in Jerusalem.
Jews RAMPAGE!
Muslims are underperforming.
Those muslims are longing 4 a caliphate.
gay people stump for gay rights.
Jews are worsening the labour position.
Lesbians abuse their girlfriends all the time.
Lesbians accuse Sunshine Coast club of prejudice.
lesbians bash bisexuals.
Lesbians battle videographer over wedding snub.
the lesbians betray jesus.
Lesbians blame bisexuals for everything.
Lesbians boast about turning woman “ gay “ in almost every conversation.
Lesbians are boycotting an Auckland strip club.
LESBIANS BRAINWASHING CHILDREN IN SCHOOLS.
Lesbians Brawl At Melbourne's Midsumma Festival.
Lesbians Brawl At Gay Pride Parade!
The lesbians are brawling on Jerry Springer.
these lesbians BUTCHERING Beyoncé's Party in Piedmont.
lesbians cackle in the distance.
lesbians castrate and dismember a child in Brazil.
lesbians are castrating boys.
THE LESBIANS ARE CHEATING AGAIN.
lesbians clash with preachers in South Australia.
Lesbians Clash with Transgenders.
All these lesbians are clouding my judgement.
lesbians are compelling other girls to do lesbian sex in women's college.
lesbians complain about being lonely.
Lesbians Complain of Sexual Harassment from Leftist Trans Activists.
lesbians complicate everything in a relationship.
Australia: Lesbians condemn Honey Birdette rainbow-washing ‘Pride’ campaign.
lesbians condemn 'reckless' Tsvangirai.
lesbians are condescending to bi people.
lesbians condone rape.
Lesbians are confessing their love to the world.
Lesbians are confronting a man over paternity.
Lesbians confuse me.
Lesbians Conspire to Steal Child from Biological Father.
lesbians corrupt good morals.
Lesbians are corrupting the armed forces.
lesbians are cowering in fear.
Lesbians crave brutal domination.
lesbians criticize transgenders.
Lesbians criticising gay people at Olive garden.
Lesbians curse a lot.
Lesbians damage #LGBTQ community by their intolerance and targeted discrimination.
lesbians are defiling America's "purity".
lesbians defy the patriarchy.
lesbians dehumanize other LGBTQ people.
lesbians are dehumanizing men.
Cuba: Lesbians demand fair treatment from health providers.
Lesbians Demand Catholic Hospital Recognizes Their "Marriage".
lesbians demean the trans community.
lesbians demonize bi women.
Lesbians denounce Bieber.
Lesbians are denying womanhood.
Lesbians destroy your soul.
lesbians detest bisexual women.
Lesbians discriminate against Bisexuals.
lesbians dislike men.
lesbians dismantle the corrupt government.
#lesbians Are disobeying GOD with their actions!
Lesbians Disrespect Gods Plan.
Lesbians Disrupt Jewish Home Rally.
Lesbians distrust bisexual women.
Lesbians Dominate Americana Award Nominations.
All these lesbians are drooling over Justin Bieber.
All the lesbians are drooling over Rihanna.
Lesbians are emasculating men.
lesbians are endangering the planet.
lesbians are endangering our children.
lesbians endure hate-crimes & discrimination.
lesbians are enduring corrective rape by men.
lesbians enforce their own stereotypes.
Lesbians enslaving men.
LESBIANS ARE ERASING BISEXUALSSSS.
"Lesbians Escape From #Ecuador's #“Ex-Gay” Torture Centers".
lesbians escape from hell.
lesbians exclude people.
and yes lesbians are excluding men.
the lesbians are expelling the jews.
lesbians exterminating trans women.
lesbians fabricate all sorts of libels against men.
Lesbians FAIL at the Korean Spicy Noodle Challenge.
Lesbians failing school.
Lesbians Fake Another Crime.
Lesbians are faking hate crimes.
lesbians: *fantasize about living in a small cottage.
Oh and all lesbians fantasize about being men.
All lesbians fantasise about having an affair with a married woman.
In South Africa, Lesbians Fear 'Corrective' Rape.
lesbians fear falling pregnant from correctional rape.
South Africa: Lesbians Fight for Acceptance in the Rainbow Nation.
Lesbians fight fascism.
lesbians flaunt their relationships all over social media.
LESBIANS FLAUNTING THEIR HOMOSEXUALITY IN TRAINS.
lesbians are fleeing persecution in Iran.
lesbians are fleeing domestic violence.
Lesbians flood the comment section.
Lesbians are flooding Houston.
Homosexuals and Lesbians are forcing children to get "hormone blocking treatment" to change their "gender"!
Lesbians: forgoing their natural femininity.
Lesbians are forsaking their natural use with a man.
lesbians foul too much!
Lesbians are freezing in Antarctica.
Lesbians frowning at my tweet!
Lesbians frustrate people in power.
lesbians glorify being toxic.
lesbians glorify domestic violence.
lesbians harm society.
lesbians harm their children.
The lesbians are harassing people again.
all lesbians harass straight women.
lesbians hate men.
lesbians hate bi girls.
Lesbians haunt my house.
This Friday Night the Lesbians are haunting The Redbury Rooftop Lounge in Hollywood!
France: Lesbians hide their sexuality in migrant-heavy suburbs.
Lesbians hijack London Pride.
lesbians are "hijacking feminism".
The lesbians are hogging the bathroom.
lesbians hurt my head.
Lesbians are hurting our community.
lesbians idolize Justin.
lesbians idolize Mila Kunis.
Lesbians ignore all the other letters in lgbt except the L.
the lesbians indoctrinate the children.
Lesbians inflict canabalism on locals.
lesbians inflict a lot of violence.
Lesbians insult men everyday .
lesbians interfere with young girls all the time.
Lesbians are interrupting BBC News.
lesbians intimidate guys !
Lesbians intimidate straight girls.
Lesbians Invade Twitter,Faceboook In Nigeria.
1988 #lesbians invade the 6 O’Clock news to protest section 28.
lesbians are lacking in actual representation.
Now the lesbians are lecturing Alabama on Christian values.
All lesbians lie.
lesbians loathe bi girls so much.
lesbians loathing gay men.
lesbians longing for domesticity.
Lesbians are losing role models.
lesbians are lowering the value of your house.
lesbians are luring girls into lesbianism with food.
the lesbians lurk around every corner.
Lesbians lurk in dark places.
lesbians lust for glory.
The lesbians lusting over Angelina Jolie.
all the lesbians manipulating their girlfriends into marriage.
Lesbians are masking as Feminists.
Lesbians are masking as friends .
lesbians misbehaving in court.
Lesbians Are Missing Their Lovers.
lesbians mistake the word friendship for foreplay.
so lesbians mock masculinity.
And yes lesbians molest girls.
Lesbians molest our children also.
lesbians are mourning Kurt Cobain.
Lesbians Murder 9 Year Old in Botched Transgender Attempt.
Lesbians need love too.
Lesbians negate womanhood.
lesbians objectify women.
Lesbians obliterate the Transgender movement.
Lesbians obsess over Britney's "Not A Girl, Not Yet A Woman" video.
lesbians obsess over Ellen Degeneres.
Lesbians offend Republicans.
Lesbians oppose memorial to gay Holocaust victims.
lesbians are overtaking the world.
To put it simply the lesbians are overthrowing the president.
lesbians "patronize" bisexual women.
lesbians perpetrate violence against eachother.
lesbians perpetuate toxic masculinity.
lesbians perpetuate biphobia.
lesbians pine for those wonderful girls.
Lesbians pining after cute cats online.
lesbians plead for dignified equal life.
Lesbians Plead Guilty to Murder of Married D.C. Lawyer.
Lesbians are plotting to steal sperm.
lesbians are poisoning our youth.
THE LESBIANS ARE POISONING OUR WATER SUPPLY.
lesbians are polluting the milieu of India.
lesbians pray to Satan.
all lesbians pray to Kristin stewart.
lesbians pressure straight women into being lesbians all the time.
Lesbians prevent Washington Mystics from having Kiss Cam.
lesbians prevent teen pregnacies.
Lesbians protest outside Chicago's Holy Name Cathedral.
lesbians protest against "conversion therapy" clinics in Beijing, other Chinese cities.
lesbians provoke homophobia.
lesbians are rampaging all over scotland.
lesbians rape women all the time.
lesbians are reducing the human race .
Lesbians repel spambots.
lesbians are resisting the gender ideology.
Lesbians revolt in Yemen.
MEANWHILE IN LONDON Lesbians revolt against transgenders.
Lesbians Riot At Homophobic McDonald's on Hollywood Boulevard.
In Pakistan, Lesbians Risk Prison, Maybe Death.
lesbians romanticize being toxic.
Lesbians ruin good things.
The lesbians seethe at the heterosexual.
lesbians shun bi and trans people.
Also all lesbians slam doors.
lesbians slander gay men.
The lesbians are slaying the Emmys tonight.
lesbians spit acid.
Lesbians stab innocent 9 year old son to Death.
Lesbians steal all the best hairstyles.
Lesbians stifle progress.
lesbians storm Ghana parliament to demand their rights.
LESBIANS STORM YVONNE NELSON'S LONDON BIRTHDAY.
lesbians struggle to find caregivers.
lesbians subvert femininity.
Lesbians suffer from a genetic flaw.
Lesbians suffer male sexual violence too.
lesbians swoon over Doc Holiday.
lesbians are tarnishing the Afrikaans morals.
lesbians taunt God.
lesbians tempt men.
Lesbians Terrorize Hawaii Supermarket With Kisses.
lesbians thirst over a middle aged woman.
Lesbians thwart radio station's so-called divorce contest.
lesbians are tormenting my mind.
Lesbians torture pensioner.
Lesbians are TORTURING people to DEATH in the name of SATAN.
Lesbians transcend both time and space.
lesbians trivialize bi people.
Lesbians Undermine Marriage.
Lesbians are violating God's laws.
lesbians are wasting their vaginas.
lesbians worry about discrimination in retirement.
Lesbians wreck everything.
Lesbians are wrestling in chocolate pudding right now on Jerry springer.
lesbians deride bi women
lesbians neglect their babies.
